After the release of Second Thoughts, I have decided to try a new idea with this dirty hands idea - run a fat deck with more programs!  Also, use all one-off programs, except for the core strategy cards, like SMC, Magnum Opus, and now Scheherazade.  Here is my attempt:

Identity: Shapers: Exile

Cards: 55 / 45
Influence: 15 / 15

Event (18)
1x Deja Vu ●●
3x Diesel 
3x Freelance Coding Contract 
1x Levy AR Lab Access 
3x Quality Time 
3x Scavenge 
1x Stimhack ●
3x Test Run 

Hardware (12)
2x Akamatsu Mem Chip 
3x Clone Chip 
2x Dinosaurus 
1x Feedback Filter 
2x Plascrete Carapace 
2x R&D Interface 

Program (25)
1x Atman 
1x Cloak 
1x Corroder ●●
1x Crescentus ●
1x Crypsis 
1x Cyber-Cypher 
1x Dagger 
1x Deep Thought 
1x Deus X 
1x Faerie ●●●
1x Femme Fatale ●
1x Inti 
3x Magnum Opus 
1x Nerve Agent ●●
1x Net Shield 
1x Paricia 
1x Sahasrara 
3x Scheherazade ●●●
3x Self-Modifying Code 

Why am I doing this?  Well, first of all, Scheherazade is a great card for this deck - Test Run, Scavenge, and SMC will be installing and reinstalling stuff all the time, and Scheherazade will be giving you credits every time.  Also, it has zero cost - great to put out as Scavenge fodder to get SMC (which costs 0 anyway), and it takes no memory.  As a program, it also helps fuel Freelance Coding Contract.  It's basically great.  So if we put 3 in the deck, what do we take out?  If we reduce the number of programs, we lose out in choices of programs to conjure.  By running fat, we can put a lot more programs in the deck, and have a lot more options for tutoring.  I made the decision to go one-ofs for all non-essential programs to give me more choice, and also because of some new SMC combos that I noticed to dig almost anything out of your stack (now cheap to do thanks to Scheherazade!).  More cards also gives me the opportunity to squeeze a little more important hardware in without reducing program density (another Mem Chip, and another R&D Interface).  I'm not sure about the program choices I have made - I'll have to play the deck a few times and see what I tend to use.

Here are some awesome combos that I can use:

BEGINNER:

- Using Clone Chip or SMC mid-run to install programs
- Test Run + Scavenge to create a permanent copy of a program
- Quality Time / Diesel + Freelance Coding Contract for money

ADVANCED:

- Using Clone Chip to get a SMC, and use it to install from the Stack (possibly mid-run!)
- Scavenge to get a SMC, and install from the Stack
- Test Run a SMC from the heap, and install with it from the Stack (permanent copy)
- Scavenge an installed program, and reinstall on Scheherazade (gain 1 cred + 1 card)

When you draw your first 5 cards, you will probably keep anything with Quality Time, and two of any of SMC, Scheherazade, Diesel, Freelance Coding, Magnum Opus, mulligan any weaker hands.