This is designed to be loosely a 'rigless deck' in Shaper, which is now
possible due largely to Kit's ability to operate fairly well with a single
breaker (code gate), and various program tutoring devices which enable the
runner to access dead programs from the heap (so there isn't as much fear of
losing your programs).

Obviously, you need to be able to pull a decoder ASAP to make use of Kit.
There are two Yog.0s, one Cyber-Cypher, and three Test Runs, or six cards in
total which can get you going.  Obviously the Test Runs can also be used to
get other breaker types later on if you need them.  Now we don't have the full
suite of criminal operations, but Shaper has a few interesting wrecking balls
of their own.  Perhaps the most devastating is Indexing - use this to put
agendas at the top of R&D, and scoop them up on a subsequent run.  NOTE: I
later realized that Kit's power only applies for the first ice encountered
PER TURN, and only works until the end of the RUN, so that dampens the combo
quite a bit - if the foremost ice is not code gate, you might need something
else to get past twice, and maximize the use of indexing.

Makers Eye is another R&D wrecking ball, and I also added some Eschers to add
a secondary threat to HQ.  It would be nice to also put pressure on Archives
and the remotes, but this is hard to do right now in shaper - maybe there is
room for improvement here.

This deck is loose and fast, and Tinkering will obviously be useful for making
well-timed devastating runs on staunchly defended servers - the effect lasts
for the entire turn.

I don't have any extra memory (only 8 programs!), but I don't really like
Shaper's expensive multi-purpose consoles much, except Dinosaurus, which is
great with they Yogs, making them super-efficient, and which frees up memory
if needed.  I thought about using an Omni-Chip or two, but with the deck being
the speed that it is, I didn't bother, 3 Dinosaurus' will do the job, and will
increase the likelihood of getting a Yogosaurus early on.

I intend to be drawing quickly (Diesel will help), and tossing a few programs
in the trash, because this sets up a Test Run - Scavenge combo, where the
'temporary' test run program can be sacrificed to pull up a real version at no
cost.  This will also give me an opportunity to put things into Dinosaurus,
e.g. if I get a yog trashed, then play dinosaurus, I can test run the other
yog, then scavenge it to install the other in the dinosaurus.  The clone chips
will also work well with trashed programs, obviously, and if I have a breaker
of each type in the trash, I can pull up the one I need in the middle of a run
if I have the cash and a spare clone chip.

E3, Feedback Filters, and Plascrete Carapace are general defensive cards
against certain strong corp archetypes.  Most money comes from Dirty Laundry
(entirely appropriate in this running deck, especially if you use it on the
first run with yog(osaurus)), and Sure Gamble.  Professional Contracts is also
good, of course, without putting any strain on memory.  The Helpful AI should
be really useful for it's one-time boost to one of the breakers to push it
over the top (probably a fixed-strengther like Atman or Yog).

Anyway, the deck tends to crash through very quickly, and it is also fairly
easy to get a full set of breakers installed with good economy if your attack
gets stalled, although it does lack cards that augment the damage from runs
(except Indexing and Maker's Eye).  It would also be nice to create more
vulnerable targets - find a way to make Archives and the Remote servers more
juicy, and force the corp to spread thin, making Kit's special power even
better.

ORIGINAL DECK

Identity: Shapers: Rielle 'Kit' Peddler

Cards: 45 / 45
Influence: 9 / 10

Event (23)
3x Diesel 
2x Dirty Laundry 
2x Escher 
3x Indexing 
2x Scavenge 
2x Sure Gamble 
3x Test Run 
3x The Makers Eye 
3x Tinkering 

Hardware (10)
2x Clone Chip 
3x Dinosaurus 
2x E3 Feedback Implants ●●●●
1x Feedback Filter 
2x Plascrete Carapace 

Program (8)
1x Atman 
1x Corroder ●●
1x Crypsis 
1x Cyber-Cypher 
1x Deus X 
1x Femme Fatale ●
2x Yog.0 ●●

Resource (4)
2x Professional Contacts 
2x The Helpful AI 
